h1. Extending the core: MY_Controller and beyond

In this video tutorial we will be looking at MY_Controller, frontend controllers and backend controllers. MY_Controller is a kind of base controller that can contain code that you need access to throughout your entire application. Thinks of user login checks, latest news to show in your sidebar, and so on.

Sometimes, having a MY_Controller class just doesn't cut it. You only need a user login check in an admin environment, for instance. If that's the case, you can even extend MY_Controller - and thus have a seperate fontend and backend controller. The sky's the limit, really.

Bottom line: extending the 'classic' CI_Controller can help keep your code clean. It keeps you from having to copy/paste your code through different controllers - we can all imagine the sheer horror if you ever need to make adjustments to that code!

This is the first tutorial in the series 'extending the core'.

The original video tutorial can be viewed from http://codeigniter.tv. 
 
h1. Codeigniter.tv source code

We keep the source code for our Codeigniter.tv video tutorials in this public repository. Each video tutorial has its own branch. 

* Visit all of out Codeigniter video tutorials on http://codeigniter.tv. 
* As always, do not forget to comment & subscribe!

h1. Disclaimer

All code in this repositiory is free for you to use or modify in anyway you like. Please remember that this code was created for instructional purposes only, and is not production-ready. 

If you choose to use any code from this repository, or parts of it, you do so entirely at your own risk.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
